---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporal_schedule Resource - terraform-provider-temporal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schedule resource
---

# temporal_schedule (Resource)

Schedule resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The business identifier of the schedule.

### Optional

- `catchup_window` (String) The Temporal Server might be down or unavailable at the time when a Schedule should take an Action.
When the Server comes back up, CatchupWindow controls which missed Actions should be taken at that point. The default is one
minute, which means that the Schedule attempts to take any Actions that wouldn't be more than one minute late. It
takes those Actions according to the Overlap. An outage that lasts longer than the Catchup
Window could lead to missed Actions.
Optional: defaulted to 1 minute
- `note` (String) Informative human-readable message with contextual notes, e.g. the reason
a Schedule is paused. The system may overwrite this message on certain
conditions, e.g. when pause-on-failure happens.
- `overlap` (String) Controls what happens when an Action would be started by a Schedule at the same time that an older Action is still
running. This can be changed after a Schedule has taken some Actions, and some changes might produce
unintuitive results. In general, the later policy overrides the earlier policy.
Optional: defaulted to SCHEDULE_OVERLAP_POLICY_SKIP
- `pause_on_failure` (Boolean) When an Action times out or reaches the end of its Retry Policy the Schedule will pause.
With SCHEDULE_OVERLAP_POLICY_ALLOW_ALL, this pause might not apply to the next Action, because the next Action
might have already started previous to the failed one finishing. Pausing applies only to Actions that are scheduled
to start after the failed one finishes.
Optional: defaulted to false
- `paused` (Boolean) Start in paused state. Optional: defaulted to false
- `remaining_actions` (Number) limit the number of Actions to take.
This number is decremented after each Action is taken, and Actions are not
taken when the number is '0' (unless ScheduleHandle.Trigger is called).
Optional: defaulted to zero
- `schedule` (Attributes) Describes when Actions should be taken. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `start_workflow` (Attributes) Which Action to take. Currently only start_workflow is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--start_workflow))
- `trigger_immediately` (Boolean) Trigger one Action immediately on creating the schedule.
Optional: defaulted to false

<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `jitter` (String) Jitter - All times will be incremented by a random value from 0 to this amount of jitter, capped
by the time until the next schedule. Optional: Defaulted to 0
- `time_zone` (String) TimeZone - IANA time zone name, for example "US/Eastern". The time zone to use for interpreting the schedule. Optional: Defaulted to UTC


<a id="nestedatt--start_workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `start_workflow`

Optional:

- `execution_timeout` (String) The timeout for duration of workflow execution.
- `run_timeout` (String)
- `task_queue` (String) The workflow tasks of the workflow are scheduled on the queue with this name.
This is also the name of the activity task queue on which activities are scheduled.
- `task_timeout` (String) The timeout for processing workflow task from the time the worker pulled this task.
- `workflow` (String) Type name of the Workflow to run.
- `workflow_id` (String) The business identifier of the workflow execution.
The workflow ID of the started workflow may not match this exactly,
it may have a timestamp appended for uniqueness.
Optional: defaulted to a uuid.


